In a study conducted by the mechanical engineering department at a​ university, the steel rods supplied by two different companies were compared. Ten sample springs were made out of the steel rods supplied by each​ company, and a measure of flexibility was recorded for each. The data are provided in the accompanying table. Complete parts​ (a) and​ (b) below.
LOADING... Click the icon to view the flexibility data.
Question content area bottom
Part 1
​(a) Calculate the sample mean and median for the data for the two companies.
The sample mean for Company A is 
  
7.75.
The sample mean for Company B is 
  
10.29.
​(Type integers or decimals. Do not​ round.)
Part 2
The sample median for Company A is 
  
7.95.
The sample median for Company B is 
  
10.30.
​(Type integers or decimals. Do not​ round.)
Part 3
​(b) Plot the data for the two companies on the same line and give your impression regarding any apparent differences between the two companies.
Click here to view dot plot a.LOADING...
Click here to view dot plot d.LOADING...
Click here to view dot plot b.LOADING...
Click here to view dot plot c.LOADING...
Your answer is correct.
Part 4
Give your impression regarding any apparent differences between the two companies. Choose the correct answer below.
A.
The rods from Company B have a lower measure of flexibility than the rods from Company​ A, since the data points for Company A are farther to the right on the line.
B.
The rods from both companies have about the same​ flexibility, since the data points for the two companies are mixed together.
C.
The rods from Company B have a higher measure of flexibility than the rods from Company​ A, since the data points for Company B are farther to the right on the line.